attendance table : the idea here was just to input the attendance and it will just record.
	id:		incremental, not needed to display.
	status:		integer, needs to be converted to string. input as selection.
	employee id:	integer, needs to show the employee on Admin side. else would just be the date, hours and status.
payroll table		: records of payroll.
	id:		incremental, not needed to display.
	ref_no:		string, display it as typography. input in a form
	nominal:	string, display it as typography. input in a form
	start:		string, display it as typography. for input it needs to have a date picker.
	end:		same as -start-.
	employee id:	integer, display it with a link to the employee in a card. no need to show it to the employee.
relatives table
	id:		incremental, not needed to be displayed.
	nama:		string, display it as typography. input it in a form
	alamat:		string, display it as typography. input it in a form
	phone:		string, display it as typography. input it in a form
	employee id:	integer, display it with a link to the employee in a card. no need to show it to the employee.
employees table
	id:		incremental, not needed to be dsiplayed.
	name:		string, display it as typography. input in in a form
	phone: 		string, display it as typography. input it in a form
	alamat: 	string, display it as typography. input it in a form
	domisili:	string, display it as typography. input it in a form
	posisi:		string, display it as typography. input it in a form
	jabatan:	string, display it as typography. input it in a form
	email:		string, display it as typography. input it in a form
	password:	no need to display.

Data Synthesize :
	attendance:	display as datatable. and input as selection. for employee id input as selection with a search bar.
	payroll:	display as datatable. input only for admin level forms.
	relatvies:	no image detected, display as datatable. input/update with forms.
	employee:	display as datatable. input as a form, admin only. update is allowed from the employee.
	
UI Breakdown	:
	home: Employee
		profile		: card
		attendance	: datatable. button. selection.
		payroll		: datatable.
		relatives	: datatable. button. forms
	home: Admin
		employees	: datatable. card. forms. button.
		attendances	: datatable. card. forms. button.
		payrolls	: datatable. card. forms. button.
		relatives	: datatable. card. forms. button.